add README.md (#6)
integrativesoft/electrolite: README.md

<p align="center">
<img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/4214/4214992.png" width="100px" alt="logo"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg" alt="Csharp CI/CD">
  <a href="CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg" alt="Contributor Covenant">
  </a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License">
  </a>
</p>

## Foton

> Prototype for an Electron alternative written in C# by Integrativesoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prototype for an Electron alternative written in C# by Integrative Software LLC and contributors.
```

## Status of project
Active

## License

> [Logo](https://www.flaticon.com/br/icone-gratis/foton_4214992) is licensed with Flaticon License - *free for personal and commercial use with attribution.*

Reviewer: This section is confusing. It seems to be stating that the license of the project is Flaticon, when it's Apache. Here you were trying to give Flaticon the attribution for the logo?

## Contribute

> If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue or reach out at PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue.
```
